Hello, KhanAcademy,

    As I think everyone knows, recently people have been warned, or even banned from KhanAcademy, simply for chatting. I, and many, many others, disagree that it chatting should be illegal. So, in an attempt to reverse the rule, I'm writing an essay as to why chatting should be legal. I do believe I am in the right place for this, but if not, please be sure to let me know! I would greatly appreciate it if whoever has the authority to change this would read it all the way through and seriously think about it before making a decision.

   Chatting so far has never been banned. I've never heard of anyone for at least the past three years of getting banned for chatting. Why is it starting now? Evan Lewis says "It's actually always been in the guidelines," but if that is the case, then what was edited in the guidelines edited 13 days ago? (About when this started.) This sudden crackdown has startled all, and frustrated many, as it seems to have no use, and was randomly targeted.
So, what is the reason behind the rule? Guardians say it is because it is distracting to learning. And yet, somehow, I've learned nearly as much through chatting as I have through KA courses. Without having chatted, I would have given up on learning PJS. Though our chats did go to some side topics, we often talked about programming, and that's what helped me learn when I couldn't find the answer in the course, or wasn't motivated to work on learning it. I never would have discovered my talent for artistic works. And I'm sure I'm not the only one.

    Have you ever tried to talk about one, shallow topic for an extended period of time? It's probably unlikely. The reason is because relationships can not be held up by one thing you talk about. You might say that you don't need relationships to learn. To that I say, whatever happened to the hand tree? And I'm not talking about the literal logo, I'm talking about the concept, one of the original intentions of KhanAcademy. The symbol of joint effort, people working together, and helping one another up. Have you ever worked with a colleague? I bet most have. Something intriguing about colleagues is that they often become friends. For good reason. They spend time together, work on the same things, and both have times when they need support. Everyone has someone they learn from. Usually they are close to those people. Relationships help build motivation, as well as provide a basis for learning, teaching, and advancing. And you can't keep one by only talking about code.

   Also, where will you draw the line? If you outlaw anything besides speech about code, then how will someone give a review on a game, animation, graphic, or story? And if you allow talk about the product, as well as the code, how will you prevent users from making the program about the "off-topic" things. In order to completely ban off-topic chat, you have to ban so many great, harmless things, like stories. And still people will find a way around it.

    This is one rule that I can assure you, people will keep breaking or twisting. Even those who don't normally break rules. I'm struggling to stay within the boundaries of this rule, and I never want to break rules. I assure you. This will not be easily vanquished. And I'm not trying to say anyone will, or should rebel directly, although that is likely to happen. People will keep finding ways to get through. Not too long ago, speaking about Google Fonts in programs, Evan clarified that they were not allowed in PJS programs, but, he honestly "has bigger fish to fry." If this is something he's skimming over because he has more important things to deal with, then why are comments different? Just recently, I heard Evan's answer. He says, "Pretty much all of the comments in those threads end up in our moderation queues, so these threads are creating a lot more work for our moderation staff, so this is something I'm trying to crack down on." My question now is, why are they appearing in the moderation logs? Very, very few comments have I seen using even the mildest language, or anything inappropriate on any level. I will admit, there are some more violent roleplays that could end up in there, but "most?"
    
    The true question at this point is: Which is less work, filtering through excess comments in mod queues? Or hunting down every long thread that appears there, and dealing with every person who purposely, accidentally, or slyly, twists or breaks the rules? Then, put that up against values. For example, maybe one is slightly less work. You must also take into consideration whether the value of the other one makes the work worth it. It's definitely not a decision to be immediately made, and while I'm not saying someone did make this choice hastily, I challenge you to take these facts and logically decide. It would be greatly appreciated if a post was made in return to this one, to explain why the decision made was made. One that seriously considers all aspects of the situation.

Thank you for reading!

His Love Studios
